Update the external DB upgrade section (#3876)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_upgrading-postgresql-on-the-external-database.adoc

[id="Upgrading_PostgreSQL_on_the_External_Database_{context}"]
= Upgrading PostgreSQL on the external database

. If you use an external database, upgrade the external database to PostgreSQL 13.

> For more information, see {RHELDocsBaseURL}8/html/deploying_different_types_of_servers/using-databases#fast-upgrade-using-the-pg_upgrade-tool_migrating-to-a-rhel-8-version-of-postgresql[Fast upgrade using the pg_upgrade utility] in _Deploying different types of servers_.

Reviewer: I think "Deploying different types of servers" isn't a very clear description. You're right it's the document title, but I wonder if we should be explicit that it's a RHEL 8 guide?

Reviewer 2: In a number of other places, we specify the version of a RHEL guide a bit differently: in _{RHEL}{nbsp}X Guide Name_. Like here: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/8b1b052611eccfddfc4a615a2a745ca869e61e3b/guides/common/modules/ref_system-requirements.adoc?plain=1#L38  It would be better to stay consistent.

> = Upgrading PostgreSQL on the external database
> 
> . If you use an external database, upgrade the external database to PostgreSQL 13.
> For more information, see {RHELDocsBaseURL}8/html/deploying_different_types_of_servers/using-databases#fast-upgrade-using-the-pg_upgrade-tool_migrating-to-a-rhel-8-version-of-postgresql[Fast upgrade using the pg_upgrade utility] in _Deploying different types of servers_.

Reviewer 2: This procedure module needs an introduction and the `.Procedure` heading. Both are mandatory elements of procedure modules.

Now I'm thinking about how to do this without too much duplication. How about this:

```suggestion
= Upgrading PostgreSQL on the external database

If you use an external database, upgrade the external database to PostgreSQL 13.

.Procedure
. Follow the instructions in {RHELDocsBaseURL}8/html/deploying_different_types_of_servers/using-databases#fast-upgrade-using-the-pg_upgrade-tool_migrating-to-a-rhel-8-version-of-postgresql[Fast upgrade using the pg_upgrade utility] in _{RHEL}{nbsp}8 Deploying different types of servers_ to upgrade the external database.
```

Author: I used `If you use an external database, upgrade the external database and rectify the permissions.` 
WDYT?

[id="Upgrading_PostgreSQL_on_the_External_Database_{context}"]
= Upgrading PostgreSQL on the external database

> If you use an external database, upgrade the external database and rectify the permissions.

Reviewer 3: Can the "and rectify the permissions" part be hidden behind "ifndef::foreman-el" (or ifdef::katello_etc)? Otherwise the introduction says "do these two things" but then there is just one step to do.

.Procedure

> . If you use an external database, upgrade the external database to PostgreSQL 13.
> For more information, see {RHELDocsBaseURL}8/html/deploying_different_types_of_servers/using-databases#fast-upgrade-using-the-pg_upgrade-tool_migrating-to-a-rhel-8-version-of-postgresql[Fast upgrade using the pg_upgrade utility] in _{RHEL}{nbsp}8 Deploying different types of servers_.

Reviewer 2: There is no need to repeat the "If..." condition here if it's now included in the procedure introduction. It applies to the whole procedure, not just the first step.

My earlier suggestion was this:

```suggestion
. Follow the instructions in {RHELDocsBaseURL}8/html/deploying_different_types_of_servers/using-databases#fast-upgrade-using-the-pg_upgrade-tool_migrating-to-a-rhel-8-version-of-postgresql[Fast upgrade using the pg_upgrade utility] in _{RHEL}{nbsp}8 Deploying different types of servers_ to upgrade the external database.
```

An alternative might be something like this:

```suggestion
. Upgrade the external database to PostgreSQL 13.
For more information, see {RHELDocsBaseURL}8/html/deploying_different_types_of_servers/using-databases#fast-upgrade-using-the-pg_upgrade-tool_migrating-to-a-rhel-8-version-of-postgresql[Fast upgrade using the pg_upgrade utility] in _{RHEL}{nbsp}8 Deploying different types of servers_.
```

I'm sure there are other ways of writing this but the main point is not to repeat the "If..." condition.
